# Changelog

## [2.0.3] - 2025-01-31
### Changed
- Changed regex to allow for Unicode characters in the `data-name` attribute.

## [2.0.2] - 2025-01-29
### Changed
- Removed (version 4) peer dependency on Reveal.js.

## [2.0.1] - 2023-06-10
### Changed
- Simplemenu will now not stop of no menu is present at all (manual or via options)


## [2.0.0] - 2022-12-22
### Added
- Autoload the CSS styling.
- Added a new `csspath` option if the user wants to override the autoloading of the included styles. For example, to customise the styling.
- Added a new `barhtml` option so that the user can easily add a header or footer through the options.
- Added Markdown support for regular Markdown and Quarto.
- Added a `scale` option.
- Added `rtl` behaviour. When set to true in the Reveal.js options, autogenerated menus will also display right-to-left.
- Added possibility to move slide numbers and/or controls into the menubar. The user needs to add a div with the corresponding name into the menubar, the element will then move there.
### Changed
- Automode is removed, Simplemenu will adjust the behaviour on the existence of menu-items in the menus.
- Allow same data-names


## [1.1.2] - 2022-10-09
### Fixed
- Fix visible menu when slidenumber is displayed


## [1.1.1] - 2022-09-04
### Changed
- Rewrite some code

## [1.1.0] - 2022-03-16
### Changed
- Fix check of parentnode of tested slide


## [1.0.9] - 2021-12-23
### Changed
- Fixed omission of ID's for print-pdf


## [1.0.8] - 2021-12-23
### Added
- Started keeping the changelog.

### Changed
- Fixed menu items that should be active for `print-pdf` pages, introduced by Reveal version 4.1.1



## [1.0.7] - 2021-11-19
### Changed
- Bugfix where there was a check for the Internation plugin setting



## [1.0.6] - 2021-11-19
### Added
- Added detection of the Internation plugin to correctly link translated menu-items as well in auto mode.



## [1.0.4] - 2021-10-23
### Added
- Added a possibility to use 'data-name' instead of 'name'.

### Changed
- This fixes the issue where a comment in the .slides div would break the links.



## [1.0.3] - 2020-06-16
### Added
- Added compatibility with the new Reveal.js 4 that changes the way plugins work.



## [1.0.2] - 2020-06-09
### Added
- This version is compatible with Reveal 3.
